in this module,
we have talked about a lot of topics that are the foundation of this course.
We talked about types of tests, especially unit tests and why they are important,
about JUnit, how it works.
We talked about why Junit 5 was redesigned and divided into three projects,
JUnit Platform, JUnit Jupiter, and JUnit Vintage.
And you learned about the internals of this new architecture.
About IDEs and build tools,
you learned how IDEs work with JUnit and how to configure
JUnit 5 in Gradle and Maven projects.
Finally,
you learned about the JUnit Platform Launcher to use a different version
of JUnit from the one bundled with an IDE and the JUnit Platform Runner
for tools that don't support JUnit 5. I'll see you in the next module. Take care, and thanks for watching.